Fix descriptions to sync with tooltip. Revamped content. (#81)
wso2/docs-choreo-dev: en/docs/integrations/integration-concepts.md

# Integration Concepts
Choreo integrations allow you to create enterprise integrations to automate workflows in a user-friendly low-code environment. Here are some basic concepts which will help you understand Choreo integrations as you develop your integrations in the [Choreo Console]({{choreo_console}}).
  
## Integration
Integration in Choreo is a process that connects APIs, events, and streams to function as a single unit. Choreo provides an integration template which is a pre-built sample designed to address a common integration requirement. Choreo includes a set of comprehensive integration templates for you to select and use.

## Trigger
A trigger in Choreo integrations is an event or an action that can cause the integration to start executing.

Choreo supports the following trigger types:

 - **Schedule**: Triggers execution according to a given schedule.

>  - **Manual**: Triggers execution manually by clicking 'Run & Test'.

Reviewer: This definition is incorrect. `Run & Test` is valid for all the trigger types. The difference is not on how we run it, but how we designs in. Manual is free form.

Author: Fixed.

 - **Calendar**: Triggers execution based on events in a Google Calendar.
 - **GitHub**: Triggers execution based on GitHub events and actions.
 - **Salesforce**: Triggers execution based on Salesforce events. 

## API call
An API call in Choreo allows you to connect to an external service through your Choreo integration. You can use an API call to interact with generic protocol-based APIs and application-specific APIs.

> The following lists the connections you can use to interact with generic protocol-based APIs:

Reviewer: What is the reason to change this line only in this file and not in service-conncepts.md page?

Author: They are both grammatically correct sentences, giving out the same meaning. However, changed all sentences to match.

> The following lists the connections you can use to interact with generic protocol-based APIs:

Reviewer: Shouldn't we start both lists text line: protocol-based APIs and application-specific APIs in a similar way?
This one starts with `The following lists the connections ` and the other one starts with `Following are the connection`

Author: They are both grammatically correct sentences, giving out the same meaning. However, changed all sentences to match.

  
 - **HTTP**: Communicates with external endpoints over HTTP.   
 - **SMTP**: Performs email related operations over SMTP. 
 - **POP3**: Retrieves emails over POP3. 
 - **IMAP**: Retrieves emails from a mail server over a TCP/IP connection.

Following are the connections you can use to interact with application-specific APIs:

>  - **Twilio**: Connects your service to Twilio API to perform operations such as sending messages, WhatsApp messages, and making voice calls.

Reviewer: Why do we say `service` here instead of `integration`?

Author: Isn't it that you are actually connecting your service to an external system in order to create an integration?

Reviewer: No. We don't needt to have a service to create an `integration` in choreo.

Author: Fixed.

>  - **Slack**: Connects your service to Slack API to perform operations in Slack, such as sending a message to a channel, deleting a message, etc.

Reviewer: Why do we say `service` here instead of `integration`? Check all the places.

Author: Isn't it that you are actually connecting your service to an external system in order to create an integration?

Reviewer: No. We don't needt to have a service to create an `integration` in choreo.

Author: Fixed.

 - **GitHub**: Integrate with GitHub to perform operations such as creating an issue, creating a pull request, etc. 
 - **Gmail**: Integrate with Gmail to perform operations such as sending an email, receiving an email, etc.
 - **Google Calendar**: Integrate with Google Calendar to perform operations such as creating an event, deleting an event, etc.
 - **Google Sheets**: Integrate with Google Sheets to perform operations such as reading data, formatting data, etc.
 - **Salesforce**: Integrate with Salesforce to perform operations such as obtaining organization information, creating a record, etc.
 - **NetSuite**: Integrate with Netsuite to perform operations such as creating a record instance, creating a sublist, etc. 

## Statement

> A statement is a collection of code fragments that specifies the actions a Choreo integration will carry out. Choreo statements can also be composed of expressions. These expressions are written based on the [Ballerina Expression Syntax](#ballerina-expression-syntax).

Reviewer: In Services page it says `A statement is a collection of code fragments that specifies the actions to be carried out by a ...` Shouldn't we follow consistent wordings for similar things?

Author: Is any of them confusing? Do they give out different meanings?

Reviewer: Statements are same in integration or services. So no need to have difference in both pages.

Author: okay

Choreo supports the following statements:

>  - **Log**: Logs an event with an information statement or an error that occurs in your service.    

Reviewer: Why do we say service here instead of integration? Check all the places.

Author: Isn't it that you are actually connecting your service to an external system in order to create an integration?

Reviewer: No. We don't needt to have a service to create an `integration` in choreo.

Author: Fixed.

# Integration Concepts

> Choreo integrations allow you to create enterprise integrations to automate workflows in a user-friendly low-code environment. Here are some basic concepts which will help you understand Choreo integrations as you develop your integrations in the [Choreo Console]({{choreo_console}}).

Reviewer 2: Shall we say "Choreo allows you to . .  " instead of "Choreo integrations allow you to"?

Shall we say "Here are some basic concepts to help you understand how to build integrations using the Choreo"?

Author: +1 .
-1, This does not exactly help you understand how to build, rather helps you understand how Integrations work in Choreo.

  
## Integration
Integration in Choreo is a process for connecting APIs, events, and streams to function as a single unit. Choreo provides an integration template which is a prebuilt sample designed to address a common integration requirement. Choreo includes a set of comprehensive integration templates for you to select and use.

## Trigger
A trigger in Choreo integrations is an event or an action that can cause an integration to start executing.

Choreo supports the following trigger types:

>  - **Schedule**: Triggers execution according to a given schedule.

Reviewer 2: Shall we say "Triggers an execution" instead of "Triggers execution"?

Author: +1. Fixed.

 - **Manual**: Triggers execution manually by clicking 'Run & Test'.
 - **Calendar**: Triggers execution based on events in a Google Calendar.
 - **GitHub**: Triggers execution based on GitHub events and actions.
 - **Salesforce**: Triggers execution based on Salesforce events. 

## API Call
An API call in Choreo allows you to connect to an external service through your Choreo integration. You can use an API call to interact with generic protocol-based APIs and application-specific APIs.

Following are the connections you can use to interact with generic protocol-based APIs:
  
 - **HTTP**: Communicates with external endpoints over HTTP.   
 - **SMTP**: Performs email related operations over SMTP. 

>  - **POP3**: Retrieve emails over POP3. 

Reviewer 2: Shall we say "Retrieves" instead of "Retrieve"

Author: Fixed.

>  - **IMAP**: Retrieve emails from a mail server over a TCP/IP connection.

Reviewer 2: Shall we say "Retrieves" instead of "Retrieve"

Author: Fixed.

 - **NetSuite**: Connects your service to Netsuite API to perform Netsuite operations such as creating a record instance, creating a sublist, etc. 

## Statement

A statement is a collection of code fragments that specifies the actions to be carried out by a Choreo integration. Choreo statements can also be composed of expressions. These expressions are written based on the [Ballerina Expression Syntax](#ballerina-expression-syntax).

Choreo supports the following statements:

 - **Log**: Logs an event with an information statement or an error that occurs in your service.    
 - **Variable**: Declares a variable and a value of a preferred data type (string, integer, etc.) to use later in the logical process of the service.
 - **If**: Specifies two blocks of logical components so that the system can decide which block to execute based on whether the provided condition is true or false.   
 - **ForEach**: Includes a control flow statement in your service to iterate over a list of items.
 - **While**: Continuously executes a block of statements in a loop as long as the specified condition is TRUE. 

>  - **Respond**: Sends a specific response back to the client. For example, if the request was processed successfully,  responding to the client with an `HTTP_OK`.

Reviewer: Why we are changing this to to `Respond`. It should be `Return` for integrations.

Author: My bad. fixed.

>  - **Custom**: Is used to write a single or a multiline code snippet in your service.

Reviewer: Why we are following a different style here starting with `Is used..`?

Author: Because adding a custom statement doesn't directly imply what you are doing. I felt writing it like this will make it clear to the reader. Any suggestions?

Reviewer: How about `Allows to write a single or multiline code snippet in your service` ?

> ## Expression Syntax

Reviewer: Services Page is using the sub topic of `Ballerina Expression Syntax`. Let's maintain consistency.

Author: Changed.

> The syntax to use when you want to input values for an expression when designing a service using Choreo. [Refer to the syntax.](../references/ballerina-expression-syntax)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The syntax to use when you want to input values for an expression when designing an integration using Choreo. [Refer to the syntax.](../references/ballerina-expression-syntax)
```

Author: Fixed.
